#summary How to load new firmware onto a board

= Introduction =

This text assumes you're on a Windows system.

Make sure Atmel Flip is up and running on your system. You will need the batchisp.exe program from Flip's bin folder. See page [Win7_64_setup].

The downloads section now includes a batch file kit for programming and testing. See readme.txt in [http://code.google.com/p/sdr-widget/downloads/detail?name=Add_to_flip345_bin_20120115.zip Add_to_flip345_bin_20120115.zip].

= 1 - Obtain an .elf file =

You may have obtained or downloaded an .elf file. That saves you the git pull and compilation run.

If you need to compile code the best option is to use Cygwin. After downloading and changing to the audio-widget firmware branch (see page [gitRepository], do "make clean audio-widget". If you use an integrated editor and Atmel compile tool, make sure it generates .elf. 

= 2 - Prepare the board =

To boot into the bootloader do like this:
* Press and hold the Prog button
* Press and release the Reset button
* Rlease the Prog button

= 3 - Run batchisp.exe = 

Assuming you want to upload "widget.elf" to the kit run the following command in a cmd window from the bin folder of the Atmel Flip installation (one line): 
{{{
batchisp -device at32uc3a3256 -hardware usb -operation erase f memory flash blankcheck loadbuffer widget.elf program verify start reset 0
}}}

Alternatively, make yourself a prog.bat file the bin folder of Atmel Flip. The file should contain the following code:
{{{
batchisp -device at32uc3a3256 -hardware usb -operation erase f memory flash blankcheck loadbuffer %1 program verify start reset 0
}}}
Then, after pressing the buttons the right way, the command simplifies to:
{{{
C:\Program Files (x86)\Atmel\Flip 3.4.2\bin>prog widget.elf
}}}

= 4 - Reboot = 

This will happen automatically after running prog.bat

= 5 - Something failed = 

You may need to locate an Atmel JTAG ISP mkII kit to debug and reload the bootloader.....