#summary Tips and tricks to make things work on Win7 / 64

= Introduction =

This page is a work in progress. Please copy your Win7 hints here.


= Cleanup! =

First of all: Clean up old drivers! 
Loftur recommends this link: http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/504/how-to-uninstall-hidden-devices-drivers-and-services/

= Atmel Flip =

Atmel Flip is found at http://www.atmel.com/dyn/products/tools_card.asp?tool_id=3886

Go ahead and install it as usual. You must read and understand http://www.atmel.com/dyn/resources/prod_documents/doc7745.pdf But the USB driver must be replaced by a signed driver.

To make Atmel Flip work with a signed driver, fetch one at 
http://www.avrfreaks.net/index.php?module=Freaks%20Files&func=viewFile&id=3842&showinfo=1
For the remainder of this text, it is assumed that downloading and unzipping it creates the folder "C:\Program Files (x86)\Atmel\Flip 3.4.2\usb\driver"

After you install the signed driver, unplug the board and plug it back in with the program button pushed down. Keep an eye open in Device Manager to check if it enumerates.

= Widget Control =

Go to the Downloads section and get your copy of WidgetControl_setup.exe. In order to make it work after installation, you also need the driver from http://home.ict.nl/~fredkrom/pe0fko/ca/X/ Install it manually by running hdwwiz from cmd, then point to the folder you unzip it to. You may or may not need a reboot.

I'm not quite there yet, Widget Control says DG8SAQ/MOBO device not found. Might be because there are features of AB-1 which are not enabled in the unified firmware....